Split CONTRIBUTING into multiple files (#62)
pipelinit/pipelinit-cli: docs/howto/write-a-new-plugin.md

  //
  // See https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/basics/#specifying-versions-of-python
  for await (const file of context.files.each("**/Pipfile")) {
        const pipfile = await context.files.readToml(file.path);
        const version = pipfile?.requires?.python_version;
        if (version) return version;
  }

  // Search a pyproject.toml file. If the project uses Poetry, it has a key
  // with the Python version
  //
  // See https://python-poetry.org/docs/pyproject/#dependencies-and-dev-dependencies
  for await (const file of context.files.each("**/pyproject.toml")) {
        const pyproject = await context.files.readToml(file.path);
        const version: string | null = pyproject?.tool?.poetry?.dependencies
          ?.python;
        if (version) {
          // FIXME this simply removes caret and tilde from version specification
          // to convert something like "^3.6" to "3.6". The correct behavior
          // would be to convert it to a range with 3.6, 3.7, 3.8 and 3.9
          return version.replace(/[\^~]/, "");
        }
  }

  context.errors.add({
        title: ERR_UNDETECTABLE_TITLE,
        message: ERR_UNDETECTABLE_INSTRUCTIONS,
  });
};
```

> The introspect function call the necessary introspectors and collect provide all this stack collected data to the template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The introspect function call the necessary introspectors that provides data to the template
```
I found a typo here from before
